Update index.md (#293)
nuejs/nue: packages/nuejs.org/docs/index.md

- - -

## Target audience
Nue is a great fit for the following group of people:

1. **UX developers**: who prefer to jump to CSS directly from **Figma** or **Sketch** without a [frustrating and time-consuming](//medium.com/design-warp/5-most-common-designer-developer-handoff-mishaps-ba96012be8a7) designer-developer handoff process in the way.

> 2. **Beginner web developers**: who want to skip the redundant layers in the [frontend stack](//roadmap.sh/frontend) and start building websites quickly with modern HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

Reviewer: I'd like to merge this, but the oxford comma bothers me. Should be either everywhere, or not. 

https://www.scribbr.com/commas/oxford-comma/

Author: The Oxford comma is optional—it’s not a grammatical error to leave it out or to include it.
If you feel that it should be there, please include it.

### Less but better code
What used to take a UI designer, React engineer and an absurd amount of JavaScript code can now be done by a UX developer and just a handful of CSS:

[image]
  small: /img/figma-to-css.png
  large: /img/figma-to-css-big.png

> Nue allows you to take advantage of a [global design system](global-design-system.html)  and [modern, minimalistic CSS](css-best-practices.html) to build websites with significantly less code than with a JavaScript-based framework like **Next.js**. Your codebase can as small as a [single Tailwind button](/blog/introducing-nue-css/). This changes the way you think about web development. Chances are that Nue turns you into a professional UX developer, who thinks more like a designer and less than an engineer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nue allows you to take advantage of a [global design system](global-design-system.html) and [modern, minimalistic CSS](css-best-practices.html) to build websites with significantly less code than with a JavaScript-based framework like **Next.js**. Your codebase can be as small as a [single Tailwind button](/blog/introducing-nue-css/). This changes the way you think about web development. Chances are that Nue turns you into a professional UX developer, who thinks more like a designer and less like an engineer.
```

Author: I've just noticed that we need "be" just before "as small as" in this sentence.
Your change from "than" to "like" is great.

Reviewer 2: Good catch!

### New levels of performance

> If there is one word to describe Nue, then it's _minimalism_. There's order of magnitude less of everything: NPM modules, API methods, configuration options and framework-specific idioms. This leads to significantly leaner websites with far less HTML, CSS and JavaScript generated from the final server response. Just take any professionally-designed website and compare it with Nue, and you'll see the difference. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there is one word to describe Nue, then it's _minimalism_. There's order of magnitude less of everything: NPM modules, API methods, configuration options and framework-specific idioms. This leads to significantly leaner websites with far less HTML, CSS and JavaScript in the final server response. Just take any professionally-designed website and compare it with Nue, and you'll see the difference. For example:
```

Author: 💯 agree.

### Try it

> You might not believe all these big claims until you [give Nue a try](installation.html). Chances are you will start wondering why you have ever built websites in any other way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might not believe all these big claims until you [give Nue a try](installation.html). Chances are, you will start wondering why you have ever built websites in any other way.
```

Just feels more like I would say it... Feel free to reject.

Author: 👍
